Added two new crates to the book. (#18)
dawn-rs/dawn-rs.github.io: src/chapter_1_crates/section_7_first_party/section_4_util.md

# Util

> `twilight-util` is a utility crate that adds utilities to the twilight
> ecosystem that are not fit in any other crate. Currently it contrains
> a trait to make extracting data from Discord identifiers *Snowflakes* 
> easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`twilight-util` is a utility crate that adds utilities to the twilight
ecosystem that do not fit in any other crate. Currently, it contains
a trait to make extracting data from Discord identifiers (Snowflakes)
easier.
```
